# Session Stealing Statement

## byBackfish#5701 - Originally written for Wynntils, now sent to JerryBot | 10/06/2022

---

#### Please do not share this file/link with anyone that is not meant to have this. Thanks

### Note

### There is also barely evidence (if any), that would explain why exactly I was marked as a scammer/ratter. If you have any, please let me know! :d

**I was on vacation for longer than expected, so this is the earliest I could adress theses things. Im also in a semi-rush right now, so if a part of this is not readable due to poor english, please let me know and I'll fix it**

## `Evidence`

> Dungeons Guide makes a public announcement about me being a session id stealer

- Yes, I was Admin on the Dungeons Guide Server. And remember 2 of their staff members being hacked. <br> They claim that I was the one that `hacked` them as they both used the mod `Dolphin`, a Hypixel Skyblock Auction Flipper, made by me and my friends. I 100% understand that this would make it seem like I was the one in the first moment, but by just spending some time investigating this issue, its fairly clear that it was not me, and could not have been me. More on that later.

- **Note**: During that time, a lot of players got hacked and then banned. Yes, it was a very bad timing for that to happen as they just had my mod for 2-3 Weeks, but there are tons of players getting hacked each and every day in Skyblock, especially a few years back (when those two staff members also got hacked/banned). The Hypixel Admins even created a NPC that tells the players to not use any mods made my "unknowns" as getting hacked was not a rare occurrence back then

> The SkyblockZ (Jerry Bot) Scammer Alert for me

- Well, Dungeons Guide had ~10k members at that time, so the SkyblockZ staff put me on that `list`, maybe without checking proof. But I don't if and what they checked, but yea. Im on that list, and even tried to get removed from there, without a response from their staff

> There was some image showing that I left the Dungeons Guide server right after the announcement. (In the google doc)

- I did not leave the server. I got banned from it right after (or shortly before) the announcement. My friend (name redacted) saw that announcement and sent it to me, because I could not see it. I wanted to stay on the server to try and solve this issue, but the owner instantly banned me.

> (also the google doc) i apperentally banned the staff of Dungeons Guide from my own discord

- I did not kick/ban them without a reason. They (the staff) started spamming stuff like `@byBackfish#3426 imagine session stealing` (I dont fully remember, it was ~2 years ago), so either the staff of my server, the other owner or me kicked/banned them using CarlBot. I also deleted the entire server. Some of the staff (and also the members) of my server were also on the Dungeons Guide server and saw the announcement. My Server (`Fragrunners`) was also pretty bad, and the staff started to message me asking what happened, so the other owner and me decided to delete the server entirely and start over again on a seperate, rather private server.

> The `Dolphin` mod

- The `Dolphin` mod was a blazingly fast Hypixel Skyblock Auction Flipper.
  It consisted of the backend (made in rust for that extra speed) and the mod itself. As this was very powerful for making coins, and auction flippers just became more public and more people wanted it, I decided to add some authentication to the mod, along with an auth key that has to be put in. I did not know a lot about making a `good` authentication server, all I did was send a request to the socket on start, and then mark every single message with a key generated by the server. How this worked was: (and yes, looking back at it, it was pretty inefficient)

```
Mod loads -> sends message `hey, user XXX just tried to load this mod` -> server responds with either `yes, here is your randomly generated key, please also generate one yourself and send both to me` or `no, you cant use this mod` -> mod generates a key -> each message sent from client to the server had the key of the server in the message (or the key of the client, I don't remember), and each request from server to client contained the key of the client (or the key of the server, whatever the first one didn't use). This way the client & the server could confirm whether its an actual message & if the client is really authorized to use this mod.

I did not want to obfuscate the mod, as it would have made it even more suspicious and would've probably ruined all chances to `solve` this issue, so my friend (the same as mentioned above, name redacted) suggested to me to use a ScriptEngine to `secretly` generate the client's key without having to show the method of how its generated to the user. The server even had a verification check to see that only this query was ran by the ScriptEngine. The key that was generated was very important, and should not be shown to the user, as the user could manipulate the flips for other members, and could use the mod without being authorized to do so. They could also make a script/bot that then listens to the socket without using the mod, and post all flips to a discord channel (for example), so others can use the mod's features without having the mod.
So yes, looking back to it, it probably wasn't the best idea, but even today, I do not know any other method (out of my head) right now to do this better, without having to obfuscate the mod
```

- I even provided the backend code to the owner (or other admin, i forgot the name of those 2) to clear up what was done with the scriptengine, and that this was not, and could not have been used to grab the user's session id

---

- I was also in school at that time, and saw the pings/dms right after class ended.
- I also quit Hypixel Skyblock shortly before that (If I recall correctly, might have been a few weeks before that) (I kept all my items, profile etc so I can start out again when I want to), so why would I ruin my reputation + staff position at Dungeons Guide and other servers (like the intern position at Wynntils now) just for some coins that I won't even get to use because I don't play that game?

---

**This was over 2 years ago, so I do not have the source of the dolphin mod, message history or anything from back then.**

### **If have any other image/proof that I forgot to adress (as I do not remember everything & Scyu deleted the messages), please let me know and I'll adress them**

## Conclusion

- I understand that you had to take this action of removing me from the server, but I would still like you to fully read this, and then maybe change your mind on this. <br>
- If this does not change your mind, then I can't change that. This `accusation` has ruined a lot for me already, so I guess I have to live with that then. Its up to you, but I had a lot of fun interacting with the Wynntils community and contributing to the projects. <br>
  This was also a few years ago, so Im not sure why people still bring this up to this date, even tho nothing was proven and my statements have been ignored the whole time. <br>
- Even if I stay banned, I still have some ideas on what to add to Wynntils, so I would appreciate it if you don't (if this is even possible on Github) ban me from the Wynntils projects and block me from opening PR's
